Terrform executor tekton task (#7717)
kyma-project/test-infra: task/terraform-executor/0.1/README.md

# Terraform Executor

> The terraform-executor task initialise locally terraform state and run actions for provided terraform config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The terraform-executor Task initializes Terraform state locally and runs actions for the provided terraform config.
```

> Usually, actions are plan and apply. Authentication to the Google Cloud is done through k8s service account with

Reviewer: Do you mean 'The usual actions are `plan` and `apply`.'?

workload identity configured. A parameter additional_terraform_args allows defining terraform cli arguments in pipelines.

> When this parameter value is set in pipeline, a default value -no-color must be added to the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this parameter value is set in a pipeline, you must add the default value `-no-color` to the list.
```

The task uses tfcmt tool to run terraform actions and post results to GitHubPR.

> tfcmt tool use a github-comments metadata in GitHub comments, so github-comments can be used later for processing tfcmt comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tfcmt tool uses github-comments metadata in GitHub comments, so github-comments can be used later for processing tfcmt comments.
```

## Compatibility

- **Tekton** v0.36.0 and above

## Install

```shell
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/test-infra/main/task/terraform-executor/0.1/terraform-executor.yaml
```

## Workspaces

> - **repo**: The workspace stores sources for building an image. Usually, this should be a workspace shared with other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **repo**: The workspace stores sources for building an image. Usually, this workspace should be shared with other
```

  tasks. _(REQUIRED)_

## Parameters

- **terraform_action**: Terraform action to execute on provided config files. _(REQUIRED)_
- **module_path**: Path to the terraform config files. _(REQUIRED)_

> - **additional_terraform_args**: Additional terraform arguments. Add -no-color flag if you override default value. _(OPTIONAL, default: '[ "-no-color" ]')_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **additional_terraform_args**: Additional Terraform arguments. Add `-no-color` flag if you override the default value. _(OPTIONAL, default: '[ "-no-color" ]')_
```

> - **github-token-secret**: Name of the secret holding the kyma bot github token. _(OPTIONAL, default: 'kyma-bot-github-token')_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **github-token-secret**: Name of the secret holding the Kyma bot GitHub token. _(OPTIONAL, default: 'kyma-bot-github-token')_
```

- **PULL_NUMBER**: Pull request number. A variable set by Prow. _(REQUIRED)_

> - **SHA**: Commit hash with terraform config files.  _(REQUIRED)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SHA**: Commit hash with Terraform config files.  _(REQUIRED)_
```

- **REPO_OWNER**: The GitHub organization that triggers the job. A variable set by Prow.  _(REQUIRED)_
- **REPO_NAME**: The GitHub repository that triggers the job. A variable set by Prow.  _(REQUIRED)_

## Platforms

> You can run the Task on `linux/amd64` platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the Task on the `linux/amd64` platform.
```

## Usage

See the following samples for usage:

> - [`prowjob-building-image.yaml`](samples/sample_prowjob_pipeline.yaml): A presubmit ProwJob that builds,signs and pushes an image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`prowjob-building-image.yaml`](samples/sample_prowjob_pipeline.yaml): The presubmit ProwJob that builds, signs, and pushes an image.
```

## Contributing

We ❤ contributions.

> This task is maintained in the [Test Infra](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra) repository. Issues, pull requests and other contributions can be made there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This task is maintained in the [`Test Infra`](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra) repository. Issues, pull requests and other contributions can be made there.
```
